README.md, before:

# _Mr Roger's neigborhood_

#### _Practice using looping in JavaScript to Create a web application that takes a number from a user and returns a range of numbers from 0 to the user inputted number_

#### By _**Ivan Lebedzeu - April 2, 2020**_

## Description

_a web application that takes a number from a user and returns a range of numbers from 0 to the user inputted number with the following exceptions: Numbers that contain a 1: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Beep!"; Numbers that contain a 2: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Boop!"; Numbers that contain a 3: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Won't you be my neighbor?"_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository.
* Navigate to index.html file through your file interface.
* Right click and open in the browser of your choice.

* Alternatively, open the webpage at https://ivanlebedzeu.github.io/robogers_neighborhood/

## Known Bugs

Works only for single digits numbers 

## Support and contact details

If you have any suggestions or questions please email me at ivan.lebedzeu1@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
Git and GitHub
JavaScript
Bootstrap
jQuery

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Create an Array of all numbers in range from 0 to User Input using user Input number** | User Input:"5" | Output: "["0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5"] |
| **If any number from the range from 1st scenario = 1 - replace it with "Beep",, if number = 2 replce it with "Boop", if number = "3" - replace with "Won't you be my neighbor?"** | User Input: "4" | Output: ["Beep", "Boop", "Won't you be my neighbor?", "4"] |
| **If user Input contains "1" all digits are replaced with "Beep!"** | User Input: "15" | Output: "Beep" |
| **If user Input contains "2" all digits are replaced with "Boop!"** | User Input: "25" | Output: "Boop" |
| **If user Input contains "3" all digits are replaced with "Won't you be my neighbor?""** | User Input: "43" | Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?" |
| **Display an allert for not numeric** | User Input: "d" | Output: alert: Please enter a number |
| **Display an allert for negative values** | User Input: "-1" | Output: alert" please enter number > 0 |

### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Ivan Lebedzeu_**

Commit message:

add constructor, and jQuery code for keeping values from user input

README.md, after:

# _Places I've been_

#### _Practice using constructors and prototypes in JavaScript to Create a web application where user can track of all the places he've been_

#### By _**Ivan Lebedzeu, Erick Grove, Brevin Cronk - April 6, 2020**_

## Description

_a web application _

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository.
* Navigate to index.html file through your file interface.
* Right click and open in the browser of your choice.

* Alternatively, open the webpage at https://ivanlebedzeu.github.io/places-youve-been/

## Known Bugs

No bugs 

## Support and contact details

If you have any suggestions or questions please email us at ivan.lebedzeu1@gmail.com or cronkbrevin98@gmail.com or erick email!!!!
## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
Git and GitHub
JavaScript
Bootstrap
jQuery

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Create an Array of all numbers in range from 0 to User Input using user Input number** | User Input:"5" | Output: "["0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5"] |
| **If any number from the range from 1st scenario = 1 - replace it with "Beep",, if number = 2 replce it with "Boop", if number = "3" - replace with "Won't you be my neighbor?"** | User Input: "4" | Output: ["Beep", "Boop", "Won't you be my neighbor?", "4"] |
| **If user Input contains "1" all digits are replaced with "Beep!"** | User Input: "15" | Output: "Beep" |
| **If user Input contains "2" all digits are replaced with "Boop!"** | User Input: "25" | Output: "Boop" |
| **If user Input contains "3" all digits are replaced with "Won't you be my neighbor?""** | User Input: "43" | Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?" |
| **Display an allert for not numeric** | User Input: "d" | Output: alert: Please enter a number |
| **Display an allert for negative values** | User Input: "-1" | Output: alert" please enter number > 0 |

### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Ivan Lebedzeu_**
